hello it's just a test to see
oh my good
trying to be quiet right now they're
people sleeping in the house so I don't
wanna
wait can you video
since it is almost one o'clock in
morning you should try and microphone
I think I need more microformats go that
way I want to talk about let's talk
about YouTube I just found YouTube
couple weeks ago I had had a dial-up
connection and never able to wanted to
chance it
you know the whole pile of thing how
slow it is but now I have access to a
high-speed connection and say I should
probably get one
it's like I tried it it's very
entertaining I see now what the deal is
about there's a lot of interesting
people a lot of interesting views
and
some really weird stuff to some stuff
that's just not worth watching either
that there is a lot of good stuff other
good personalities and let's say
entertaining
I have a forehead and a half mm-hmm
you get a haircut
there's just
there's too much hair too much
my hairline came back about here that
would be great like I said I have a
forehead and a half I was just looking
at the video before and I was like dark
by me I look like I was just a bald
woman but yes I do have hair I'm going
to go get it cut here pretty soon I had
a very bad hair cutting experience and
I've been scared to go back see my hair
used to be very long it was about down
to my waist and I decided to just cut it
all off but cut it dramatically
and so I did and I went to and I had
Michael cut it for me and he did
absolutely a wonderful job it was layer
like the first layer was a round
committee up around here you know in a
couple of layers underneath it was great
you know my hair was just bouncy and it
just looked really good around my face i
was so pleased with it so when I came
time for me to get my haircut again I
had like this poufiness going on around
my ears which I just I didn't like so I
wanted to get rid of the poufiness I
called the same and I said you know is
Michael working day they said no he's
not he won't be in until fray I thought
well I was really anxious to get my
haircut today I really needed it so I
thought you know what they know what
they're doing I'll just go down there
and get it cut so I go to this lady too
anxious to wait until until friday which
is was two days only
I'm kicking myself in the butt so I told
her it was layered she looked at it and
yadda yadda yadda started cutting it she
didn't kind of like I wanted it to be
cut I know how it is it they don't blow
dry it unless you pay extra and I you
know like the why pay extra for blow
drying you know I mean so I didn't
realize it was horrible and towing at
home I actually went into the shower
took a shower washing my hair did a lot
of that blow dried my hair and there
they were the poofs still there I was so
frustrated i called them back I said you
know what I really didn't like my
haircut could I go in on friday and have
michael do it the way that he did and
she said no the only thing that we can
do is have that same woman were kind
again and have her fix it I said okay
and I told her I said you have to fix
this see this poof right here I can't go
on with my hair like this you know and
she didn't know what to do she was
clueless she had to ask the stylist next
to us how do i fix this or what do i do
and the stylist is saying you know look
at all of this hair that she has in the
back here she's grabbing my hair like
you know it was just still too much hair
on my head so I can't remember what she
did it I was too traumatized by i don't
i don't recall he she made have like
razored it or something did something to
like the sides to try to make it less
poufy it didn't work look I was so
traumatized I let it grow out I have
split ends
to hear a back you know I mean I haven't
even gotten a trim that's how it all
ties died was Maya that happened that
has been a while
okay you know what I don't hold out my
mom that was
it was over a year ago I was over here
Erica it says that it's quickly can we
need a venture Oh bite the bullet and go
get my are good well yeah it's nice good
I'll just dry dry as and i toid it too
so you know what that does to hear just
dries it sucks the life right out of it
that's my little hairdo wrap and thank
you for listening that's my hair story